What the hell did you think?
What time did you?
What time did you think it's till you were thinking?
You get your
No sedation, Ganna.
Qui d'adu con quivos a giz.
Book here?
No, passe viv la rue d'adu, so bicaine vassier?
Todis vasses.
Véon vé!
Treasan is a tras, sundra, drogomio, filio, yuprendeo yon, casa mientu, parceubí in my scala, socio.
Keep a touch, qui.
Aliami, d'ereseir, como vassier.
Tivi etra, balayon, clobí gestrepiditíns.
Véon d'ere, béon d'adu.
Vousa!
Passeu cos t'a turn t'dis segis eno, mari, d'adu.
Inton toveis de vesetaines, d'eustrepiditíns.
Inbaras oquebes ou postobas eno, vyconceu gimuito trabaldi.
O go d'ilu no vaidesha para hapto.
Y'all know, nígud.
Sírden!
Qui post esta passeim, qua estan chimee d'adu a y elis.
En chimee d'adu.
Eon y d'adu no caabe.
Agar a caabe.
Segura answers.
Es pou segno s.
Eliz no sombre en d'un d'es mimee.
See?
See this as the complete result,
sharing it with the people who read and read and read.
Now, I'll stop, I'm not really aware,
I'm not always aware of the fact that I'm not aware of the fact that I'm not aware of the fact.
But, I don't like it, I'm not aware of the fact that I'm not aware of the fact that I'm not
you're coming back with more energy feedback for the Japanese people.
I'm not trying to let you go.
You never feel like challenging as well as to what you're trying to do.
I feel like you can do much better than you are.
What even do you think?
Do you feel like, you feel like you're going to have to feel like you are a little too
full of things.
only five days.
With every single person,
they are allascading to the beginning.
But how about that?
I don't know,
but I am not sure
if I'm not sure how much I have.
I don't know,
but that's why I'm not going to go back.
What are you doing now?
What are you doing?
I'm going to go back to school and school.
I'm not going to school.
What are you doing now?
I'm going to go back to school.
I don't know.
Me?
Okay, ten minutes ago.
Enter the enemy, and his team.
He also took an interview after the championship team.
He skipped his problems.
I'm not going to tell you.
I'm going to have...
I'm too tired.
Now.
Ah okay.
I'm shy.
I'm tired.
My family's gone.
How do you get out of here?
We're all tired, and wait for you.
However, the former society is excited, is that they are the people who exist.
and we will see which groups are the best I'm talking about.
You should have heard the group tuning in.
I'm glad you are so pleased.
I am the only one with you and I will know.
I'm not doing the group, right?
I'm not the only one with you.
We haven't been to the group before.
You are not one of the best ones.
Catch the group, I'll take.
I will see you all, right?
In Kosovo, for the people who are watching this video,
I think that this game is all about this game,
that I think this is a game that is a game that is very fair,
that I think something is about the game that is which is so awesome.
This game is designed to be designed for us.
The world is why this game is designed for us.
Now, let's talk about this game,
Okay, so what are you doing here?
I'm just going to start the last time.
It's my turn.
I'm a little bit confused because I'm tired of it.
Well, I'm inside the street.
You're tired of it?
Yeah, I'm tired.
I'm tired of it.
And I'm tired of it.
You're tired of it.
There's no need.
I'm tired of it.
Sybil will be out in his backyard.
He is not only here, but also in the other country.
He was in the same place as you could see.
He's never seen anything like this.
fend if you're in the same place.
He's the only man in the same place.
He says,
if you're true,
don't think the only man is completely wrong.
But, I think,
he is also the only man in the same place.
You're not going to get it.
You're not going to leave.
You don't have to leave.
Yes, that's right,AND we're gonna try to find it.
Have a good day, be free, and I'll make sure to get
that coz I'm here.
Yes, thank you so much for the evening,
and thank you for being here for the evening,
for yourself and for the evening.
You're welcome.
I'll see you next week, and I'll see you next week.
Thank you, and I'll see you next time so stay safe!
Thanks so much for being here.
Good night I'm going to see you in my last album today.
See you again soon.
Bye, bye, bye.
You don't have money to make a heavy force.
But I can't afford buy too much.
If you're a professional, you can't have money.
Then you can travel your ship.
If you're a professional, you can travel your ship.
If you bought a engine, you can't have it anymore.
I'll have it on the ship.
No one will worry about it.
Thank you for your question.
I have my courage to be welcomed.
It's been a while,
I met with my wife,
a young girl,
and I have been a meet-up with some people.
I wanted to see that I will be together
and to grow over the years.
I am a leader of the West Coast,
I'm a young girl.
I am a young girl,
and I have to be comfortable with my family.
I am not a big fan of it,
and also a family and a library of my children,
and my daughter,
and family of my children.
I'm a large,
The
Really, it's different.
I'm not sure if you're afraid of one of these.
I'm a really good dog.
I want to eat a little bit of food.
I'm enjoying it for you.
I want you to eat.
You're gonna eat it.
You'll eat.
Oh, yeah, you'll eat it.
I'm food.
Do not eat.
I'll eat it.
I want to eat it.
Oh let's go!
your
OB
you
I
like
you
I
And the other thing is that I'm a friend of mine I'm a friend of mine of mine.
I'm a friend of mine.
What is this?
It's amazing that you're about to have fun.
It's so nice!
It's so cool.
You can't tell what you're doing.
It's so cool to have fun.
It's so cool.
The idea is why I've been to this place.
And I have been to this place.
It's so beautiful.
I have been to this place, the place where I'm from.
I'm just trying to find out.
Now I can't believe we can't give up this battle.
Let me ask you if I can't make it, the same.
A lot of people are not going to say anything.
I'm okay.
I'm fine.
I mean, I'm not sure what that's going on.
I do know that something but, it's the healthiest.
But that's the only thing.
I have so much time to do what it's going to happen to me.
I'll tell you what it's going to happen.
I'm not sure what it's going to happen.
If this is the first time, please.
I want to start heading to the screen.
What I'm saying today, please, please.
I'm so glad you're here.
Well, I'm not sure what it is.
It's not going to happen.
I'm not sure what the weird, the weird, the weird thing.
You can't do this anymore, but I'd still forget that you don't want me.
I don't want you to know.
I want a dirty smile.
I want a light so that you don't want me to disappear.
You just make a cocky face.
What should I do?
Do you want a little hole in my face?
Go into the exploration world and we are in the forest.
This is what I want to show you from the story because you are so lucky.
This is what we are going to do.
We have to hang a lot of others away.
But it's not for us.
Let's go in.
There's our second story.
It looks like we are about to go into the wild level.
Where do we go?
You do not have to go.
There is a two-year-old from the
This is the plain one I've lived in.
I can't tell you what he is.
What's the difference between you and me?
And you all have to know what you are doing too?
He's working with me.
He's doing something good.
I got a good painting.
And that's why I got this right.
My best friend is in the city.
He told me to wear clothes.
And I wanted to get a good photos.
for your long time and your future to go.
There are thousands of Americans in this country.
But we don't give up any jobs until this happened.
We don't know how to go.
No One would tell us that we have to be married.
You want to go over to where?
And where?
If you want to go in?
I'll find a new place.
I'll find animals!
the more pussy people
I'm not afraid to make any way easy, I'm scared
ok I'm scared, I'm afraid
so you don't have money yet
you need to be scared
yes!
Adores me!
You need to go over your stuff
What's wrong?
I can't get a disappear
such that I have no money
but I don't have money
I don't want to die
I... I want to go over
Go, wait.
Go, wait, wait.
Get there.
Go!
Go, wait that way.
Get there.
I'm reports.
Go.
Oh, now I'll enter my critical.
that is what I would say.
I would love to see you.
I want to see you.
I will also do a special interview,
if you want to see a comedian,
and if you want to see a comedian,
you will be a comedian.
Just like you did.
You have a dream that I am a man who has seen many of us.
I am not a boy.
I am a boy!
You are a man.
We do available in the Kingdom of the Temple.
Thanks.
Hi, everyone.
I'm S massive,
and I'm going to come to explore the world with a little of Boulis.
It's really huge
and fantastic.
It's too far.
We've just seen this artepiece,
with the most beautiful
What do you think?
I don't know.
I just can't tell you who to do this.
I don't know if you're a big fan of this.
I'm not really sure who to do this.
I think I will be able to learn.
What?
I'm a little bit crazy.
I'm not a little bit funny.
I'm not.
I'm a little bit scared.
I'm a little bit nervous.
I'm a little too scared.
Eh, I have to do it.
But how do you find it?
Is this the only place for us to fight?
Put me in the night to make it go on and eat,
and it's the only place for the rest.
Goodbye!
Bye!
I'm happy to see you here.
I have to find you here.
Thank you.
I need to give you some advice to my friends.
And I'm very happy to see you here.
And a man himself has touched his neck, with his breath and his fear.
He'll be able to escape everything, but he'll have to battles over the future.
And in our way he'll be able to survive.
And he's a thin man himself.
And he'll take care of himself.
And he'll be able to reach his face.
But he can't go to the VA.
So..
If you want to go to the VA, I can go to the VA.
We don't have to go to the VA now.
But we have to go to the VA, where can we go?
Thank you.
It's the reason why I've seen you.
I think I have to have a wide hand.
I'm not going to let you just compete.
I think you should have played very good.
I'm not going to be in the middle of the Middle East,
because I'm the only one that I can do.
I love you so much.
I'm not going to die.
I fell down the street.
First, you have to go inside and release this.
I want you to go inside and release this for a minute.
Let's see...
...a new order for you to travel a lot later.
I will take this route,
and we'll go to active room,
and we'll be out of the house,
because maybe we'll start at second.
So, this is a certain situation we can do.
Okay?
I'll do this next time.
You have a dream?
You have a dream, honey.
I have a dream.
You have a dream.
You have a dream, honey.
I have a dream.
I'myla Sustain.
I'm a dream, lonesome.
I'm a dream, but I have a dream.
Yes.
I love you and I have a dream, 7,000.
You know, I was born.
You have to have me.
You're a dream, bro.
My son just said I'm going to make youbin humility.
But it's not gonna be a gift,
I want it to be a gift.
And it's a gift to all of us.
Never mind it.
We can't bring up the money.
We can't put up money at all.
We want it to be a gift.
Wow, I'm not going to buy you.
Come on, everyone.
We'll have a gift.